[Music]
this man is performing magic
he asked the audience to choose a card
at random next second
the answer actually appeared directly on
the building behind absolutely
this man is even more outrageous feel
free to snap your fingers
the woman next to me was directly
hypnotized husband is also controlled
told the little secret of betraying his
wife on a cruise ship
the other brother is also performing
magic he said who can crack this trick
get rewards unexpectedly someone really
discovered the mystery
ah you hid the spoon look there are
sentences and spoon handles
but soon the man found something wrong
my money is gone
turns out this is the real magic
everything just now
it's all blindfold in a stadium this
woman is also performing magic
she is locked by a big chain did not
escape the aquarium within a minute
the piranha above his head bite into
pieces less than 20 seconds she
successfully removed the shackles from
her hands
when it's on your feet but i can't open
it anyhow she called for help
the people present were terrified
at the juncture she finally broke free
but it's too late
but i didn't expect the next second she
actually appeared directly in the crowd
unscathed this is the most superb magic
show
escape queen lily blindfold master
shouji
master hypnosis lao jin and the poker
king danny
these four scattered all over the
country top magic performers
because of the same invitation gathered
together the inviter is a top magic club
yimoyan join the magic eye
is the lifelong dream of every magician
the four did not hesitate
rushed to the agreed place but the scene
was empty
the inviter did not show up only left
one device
inside is a plan for three magic shows
only to complete these three magic
to join the magic eye three magic one is
harder than the other
after a year of hard work they are
finally ready for the first
rob the bank in the air that is without
leaving the performance venue
transfer all the bank notes in a bank
transfer to the scene
everyone exclaimed that it's impossible
four people are confident
randomly select a spectator at the scene
then ask the other party to randomly
talk about a bank
as their goal tonight unexpectedly men
deliberately increase the difficulty
want to go to a bank in paris
in the us grab a french bank this is
never possible
the group of four is not in a hurry let
the man sign the name on the card
then bring their device standing on the
instrument
people are still wondering what will
happen result next second
the man disappeared in an instant
everyone thought it was a performance
accident
the image of the man suddenly appeared
on the big screen he went straight to
inside that french bank even the
signature card just now
it's exactly the same as the show ticket
danny asked him to throw things in
then press the button on the device
all the banknotes were actually
transferred to the scene
incredible over the bank of france when
they found everything they called the
police quickly
and assigned a policewoman beautiful go
to the u.s for a collaborative
investigation
can detect long beard and beauty after
arresting the four people for
interrogation together
not only did not find anything i was
teased
no way they can only release a group of
four go to help old black
old black was also a magician later i
changed my career and became a magic
terror
dedicated to reveal complex magic the
magic of the foursome
he already knows the answer he took the
two back to the venue
let the beard repeat the magic process
at that time
then
i prefer to take the stairs to the bank
original
they did not travel to france at all
scene of everything
are arranged in advance the randomly
selected viewer not random
they lock the target ahead of time
constantly create opportunities to meet
with them
and then various hints to him let him on
the court name the bank naturally
beard suddenly realized but he still
doesn't understand
things in the bank why didn't you really
see it
glitter paper
magician's favorite they hypnotized the
staff in advance
then mix into the transporter take the
opportunity to steal huge sums of money
use glitter paper to make it fake this
is the truth the group of four did
commit a crime
but beard still couldn't arrest them
because he has no solid evidence
and at this moment the second magic of
the foursome is about to begin
they rushed to the scene immediately
determined to have the evidence
the second magic call deposit game lao
jin asked the audience to write down the
deposits in their accounts
then he guessed no doubt guess all then
they invited their investment boss to
the stage and guessed the deposit in his
account
at this moment the magical scene
appeared wealthy deposit
it turned out to be reduced by 70 000
out of thin air
original these money all changed to the
woman's account
soon everyone present received text
messages wealthy deposit
all transferred to each of them for a
moment he became a popper
he was furious but the four-person group
was over gorgeous curtain call
beard hurried out to block up they still
escaped
he thumped his chest the four commit
crimes under the nose again
i didn't find any footwork and the
motives of several people
also confuses him rob the bank and rich
people's deposits
as a result all money is given to the
audience is it
robbing the rich and helping the poor is
their true purpose at this moment
they suddenly received a clue from the
four-member group the two hurried away
but the other party also heard the wind
bugger ahead
on the run xiaoji died unexpectedly the
remaining three successfully escaped
they are in great grief after mourning a
friend ready to open the third one
immediately
and the last magic show but at this
moment
the bearded informant sends a secret
report again said that i have mastered
three people
next action plan their next magic is
going to grab a lockbox in a warehouse
the bearded people rush to the warehouse
but i didn't expect
i'm still a step late the guard said
just now
they received an order from the upper
level request to send the box to a
square
beard hurried out to stop they are
hypnotized by lao jin
did a stupid thing but suddenly he got a
good idea
deliberately sent the password box to
the square we'll count
look at the remaining three what tricks
can you make
to the square beard is being carefully
deployed lao hay stopped him
you are hopeless beard does not want to
believe
but the truth is he again been tricked
was asked suddenly lights up three
gorgeous appearances
beard and beauty follow the source of
the sound finally found a place
the three of them are nowhere to be seen
they moved to the final stage long ago
ready for the ultimate show good evening
everybody welcome everyone to watch the
show
the two arrived in a hurry but it's too
late no
the three of them are flying in the sky
dissipated in the vast night sky
once again succeeded by the enemy beard
disappointed
can take a closer look found out that
this is not the case
and the other side the old black is
about to leave after watching the magic
result
you are arrested in prison he
desperately explained
say that i know the principle of the
whole magic then the password box is not
lost at all
the three created a trap deceived
everyone's eyes
after the staff is hypnotized away
xiaoji appears
assist from outside successfully stole
the password box
beard does not believe xiaoji died in a
car accident long ago
but old black said that's also their
deceptive trick
chasing xiaoji was actually secretly
dropped the one who died
is a dummy lau haye explained everything
waiting for beard to let him out
but suddenly the beard disappeared
he can't believe it what do you want
from me i want you to stay here for the
rest of your life to reflect on yourself
the other side the group of four gathers
again a man appeared in front of them
turned out to be a beard original the
inviter behind the scenes
just keep chasing their beards then his
father was an excellent magician
as a result the magic was all revealed
by the old black
caused its career to be hit hard no way
dad took the risk
challenge the magic that the old black
would never be able to solve
escape from the bottom of the river in
an airtight iron box
but i didn't expect because iron box
props are shoddy
dad failed tacked drowning family
looking for bank claims insurance
the result was rejected cause their
family to be destroyed
the chosen man the black-hearted vendor
who provided iron boxes back then
that french bank the bank that refused
to pay compensation back then
and the person in charge of the
insurance company is the rich boss who
invested in them
all the audience present sung has taken
out his family's insurance
after the accident no one got the
compensation they deserved
beard recruits the four-member group do
this series of amazing magic
in fact to complete the scene planning a
meticulous revenge for decades
revenge the magic show has also come to
an end
but the story of the foursome and the
magic eye it's